The main contribution of this paper is proposing a modification to an existing
algorithm for computing the BCET (best-case execution time) in Timed Automata, so that
termination can always be guaranteed even if infinite cycles are present in the automata.

The authors used concrete examples to show that for timed automata with infinite cycles,
the algorithm for computing  proposed by Behrmann et al may not terminate. Then the authors analyzed 
the underlying defects of Behrmann et al 's algorithm that caused the non-termination; and finally
they provided a solution to the reported problem and proved its correctness. Generally speaking, 
this paper presents their achievements gradually in a reasonable order so that it makes the readers
tend to believe the authors' work really improve the state-of-the-art algorithm for computing BCET.

At the beginning, the authors briefly introduced how the most model checking tools apply 
extrapolation algorithms to guarantee termination of timed automata analysis. Then they 
pointed out why these techniques cannot be directly used in some interesting problems such as BCET,
and in this background, the authors naturally introduced Behrmann et al's algorithm (based on which
the authors of this paper proposed the modification) for computing minimum execution time of TA (timed automata). 
In the end of the first part, the authors identified the key difficulties of developing a solution
to the minimum/maximum termination time problem using zone approach as: (1) adapting classical extrapolation
operations to guarantee termination. (2) adapting classical canonicalization operation to keep information of
extra clock accurate (the concept of extra clock was proposed by Behrmann et al which is not reset during 
the analysis so that the total execution time of the automata can be precise). The summary of key difficulties
and key contribution is concise but expressive. 
 
There is a typo in the last paragraph of the introduction part: should be `The latter` instead of `The later`.

The second part provided the basic definitions used in the paper. In this part, the authors also detailed how
to implement clock zone concept using DBMs (difference bound matrices), so that infinitely many concrete states
can be converted to a finitely many abstract states. Definition 6 abstracts the implementation of extrapolation
function, which is good; but it also makes people raise a question: why there is no formal or informal definition for 
canonicalization function? The canonicalization function is equally important, in fact, the naive implementation of
canonicalization function is responsible for non-termination of Behrmann et al's algorithm in situations where
infinite cycles exist. 

